About honour, trust and kindness.
I defenetly disagree with this opinion. A people always will appreciate honour and trust. 
Because It doesn't matter what is your social status because always will be people on the same level as your. And you can not look successful if your have not any humans' appreciated chacteristics. 
If we start talk about honour and trust, a would ask you the question. How man can be a leader without honour? And how this man can manage people that, let's say, working for him(не уверен там ли я вставил "let's say" с запятыми). Man must to be a fair man to get respect in any industry and in any field of activity. 

In the world there are many persons who never had and will never will have such humans' qualities such a kindness. But they are exceptions. Let me show you an example. Steve Jobs even after his funeral continue to be an icon of Apple Inc. and he gave us such a huge contribution in design, marketing and brought share of perfectionism in software development. Can we said that he was kindness person? Maybe no. But we respect him anyway. But most of the popular persons in history without kindness was only repressors and tyrants. Maybe someone even respect such a persons, but this happends because aggression lying in human nature.

We must be realistic. Some people are exceptions. That means they can dominate among ordinary people.(в след. предл. незнаю как знаки перпинания с вопросом согласовать.) But ask yourself: With whom people you will fill better? 
So, from my point of view, human nature contain many bad quilities recorded in our genotype, and real power is ability to overcome them.

And in additional It would be remiss for me do not talk about perspective and changelist of our society. And as I write before, human nature contain default humans' characteristics and one of them is fear of death. Nothing can be powerful then this fear. And most of human after Second Wide World change his mind. After this war is happened people become more sensitive to kindness. Because everyone want to live in the peice. That when kindness become very powerful humans' quality.


Education is not luxury, but a basic human right an as such should  be free for everyone irrespective of personal wealth. Do you agree or disagree?
----------
I definitely agree with that opinion. In the world, there are few main groups of countries which differ by type of providing education. The first group of countries provides only paid education at all levels of studying and it doesn't matter we talking either about schools or about universities. 
Those countries, which probably, have great economic development and their people definitely doesn't starve and can spend enough money for the education of their children. But the country can not be perfect and even in such a rich country can be found citizens that can't ensure paid education for their children. The second group of countries may by divided into many smaller subgroups. Because this type of countries consists of countries that provide a mix of paid and free educations and they all can be differ by the amount of free educational institutions for example. I suppose I can distinguish one subgroup that provides free education for all its citizens and expensive education with better conditions for wealthy people. And from my perspective, this is the best way to organize relation between free and paid education. Because better condition requires more money for ensure. The third group contains countries that provide mostly free education and only part of students at high institutions have to paid for their learning. Let's start talk specifically and consider certain country, such as Ukraine. We can see that secondary education in this country is conpletely free with no exceptions. Higher education in Ukraine provide an owerwhelming amount of places in each university and small part paid places. There is another important fact about Ukraine education, in this country almost no difference between free and paid places for education. Of course, there are paid institutions that provide more efficient teaching than in state universities, but either amount of such a great institutes to small, or price for education to big, therefore we can confidently neglect them. So, in my opinion, no one can forbid the establishment of paid institution, but government have to provide free secondary education because society requires it.
